The Breadchain Crowdstaking Application is a smart contract on the Polygon network that forwards Crowdstakers’ DAI (a fully collateralized US Dollar pegged stablecoin) into an AAVE lending pool. 100% of the interest earned on this DAI goes to Breadchain in order to help fund itself and the projects that exist within the Breadchain Network.

In return for giving DAI, Crowdstakers will automatically mint and receive a token called BREAD. The amount of BREAD tokens received will always equal the amount of DAI that was given in a 1:1 ratio. (Give 10 DAI and receive 10 BREAD!) While firstly serving as a form of collateral, the BREAD token also exists as a digital "local" currency that can be used by projects that operate within or beyond the Breadchain Network of projects. ("Local" here doesn't refer to a geographic location, but to our shared values surrounding cooperativism.) Like any local currency, BREAD keeps value within our defined locality. 

The Breadchain Crowdstaking Application is the first "solidarity primitive" created by the Breadchain Cooperative. You can learn more about solidarity primitives and the high level architecture of the Breadchain Crowdstaking Protocol [here](https://breadchain.mirror.xyz/nwQx4CqPAcwZ5zSNB2_K25N1quOF1NGcKaYcS3S33CA). Join the [Crypto Leftists discord group](https://discord.gg/ezt7JDjUSW) and subscribe to the [newsletter](https://breadchain.mailchimpsites.com/) to stay up to date with the project and share any thoughts or questions you may have.
